# Wednesday debrief

Present: Chris, Karin, Romain

## Better notebooks

We need better instructions on the notebooks, what they should include, how to set up the environment (included in new docs), and when they should be delivered. This would make the whole conference run better and be easier to support.

Presenters need to follow submission deadlines. This can include messages from the organizers (`sudo export $PARENT_MODE="True"`)

## Better workshops

We should have clearer instructions on what is expected, and examples of what to do and what not to do. These instructions need to include the online audience.

Workshop feedback needs to always think about the online audience's inputs.

## Introductions

We could breaking into smaller groups and introduce each other, and then provide feedback to the broader plenary via an online poll

## Scheduling

There should be a better session structure and themes for each session. Schedule easier things in the afternoon when the attention is wavering.

2.5 days for the conference is reasonable.

Parallel sessions could make sense (i.e. beginner versus advanced) if the content and rooms are available.

## Social interaction

Participants could upload a simple template to introduce themselves and see common interests.

Dedicated mixing sessions?

## Gender balance in presentations

This was not good.

* Better balance in organizing and selection committees

We don't want quotas or other heavy measures.

Be more encouraging to beginners, or to talks on experiences instead of software development? This was better in previous years.

* What have I done?
* What do I want to do?

Survey the existing attendees to figure out what we can do better to support better balance and diversity.
